---
title: 2024년 02월 01일
date: 2024-02-01 13:36:18 +0900
updated: 2024-02-01 17:03:11 +0900
tags: 
---

```tasks
not done 
due this week
short mode
```

## TODO

- [x] 오빠 노트북 갖다주기
- [x] 유빈님 PR 리뷰
- [ ] 오후 9시 뉴피니언 회의

## LOG

- Because my boyfriend left his laptop at home, I visited ‘카카오 아지트’ to deliver it to him. Initially, I was weary from the long journey. However, if I had stayed at home as usual, I wouldn’t have accomplished anything. By leaving, I was able to focus on what I needed to study. Going outside helps me dedicate myself to my studies. 
- I drank ‘Starbucks Ice blended Dolce Latte’ in Starbucks. 

## 오늘의 영어

오랜만에 영어 공부를 했다. [[english-speaking-2024-02-01]]  

I decided to start making a diary every day. I’ve thought that I regularly document everyday behaviours in a diary is hard for me. Because I’ve been easily forgetting many things that I find important, I’ve thought so. In spite of that, ChatGPT encouraged me to write even small things down my note in English. He’s right. It’s the time when I have to concentrate on studying English. So I will make my diary by using Obsidian. Paper diary doesn’t fit in me. Let’s go and do my best to do it.  

### 교정본

I’ve decided to start keeping a diary every day. I used to think that regularly documenting my daily activities in a diary would be difficult for me. This is because I tend to forget many things I consider important. Despite this, ChatGPT encouraged me to write down even small things in my notes in English. He’s right. Now is the time when I need to focus on studying English. Therefore, I will create my diary using Obsidian. A paper diary doesn’t suit me. Let’s go and do my best. 

## 배운 것

- 유빈님 PR 을 리뷰해주다가 static 키워드에 대한 의문이 들어서 [[why-should-we-avoid-use-static|static 을 언제 써야 할까?]] 라는 글을 썼다. 리뷰는 정말 많이 도움이 되는 것 같다. 
- I wrote about [[have-pp-guideline|when to use ‘have past participle’ structure]]. This helped me improve my ability to construct English sentences using the ‘have p.p’ form.
- When I want to express visiting somewhere, I shouldn’t use the preposition ‘at’.
- ‘weary from the long journey’ more naturally represents the fatigue caused by long travel.

## 느낀 것
