---
title: 2024년 02월 06일
date: 2024-02-06 20:11:46 +0900
updated: 2024-02-06 20:34:30 +0900
tags: 
---

## LOG

- There was a meeting to discuss a research topic with my advisor. It’s difficult to decide it. Hopefully, I have inspired by a task that my seniors asks to conduct. If I didn’t conduct the task, I may tell the advisor nothing. It’s lucky.
	- I had a meeting with my advisor to discuss selecting a research topic, which I found challenging. Fortunately, I was inspired by a task that my seniors asked me to conduct. Had I not undertaken this task, I would have had nothing to report to my advisor. It was a fortunate turn of events.
- Yesterday, I increased the capacity of medicines. I wondered whether it’s okay for me to increase the capacity. The doctor said that because I don’t have any side effects, increasing the capacity isn’t harmful for me. Yet, I still doubt those words.
	- Yesterday, I increased the dosage of my medication. I was concerned about whether it was for me to do so. The doctor mentioned that since I haven’t experienced any side effects, increasing the dosage wouldn’t be harmful to me. However, I still have my doubts about that.

## 오늘의 영어

## 배운 것

## 느낀 것

- I felt talking english about familiar subjects isn’t difficult than when I took a class at first. If I practice regularly, I can speak in english well. Let’s keep practicing to make english sentences and say them.
	- I’ve realized that discussing familiar subjects in English isn’t as challenging as it was when I first started taking classes. With regular practice, I believe I can become proficient in speaking English. I should continue to practice making English sentences and expressing them verbally.